[Music]
step right up ladies and gentlemen and
prepare to be amazed
here are ten magic tricks revealed when
you want someone perform magic tricks
the only thing you can think about is
how on earth do they do that a really
good illusionist can do tricks that look
like they defy all logic and even the
laws of nature but you know what
these performers didn't graduate from
Hogwarts every single trick has a
perfectly rational and in most cases
simple explanation in this video you'll
learn about ten cool tricks that turn
out to be not so magic after all what's
even better you can perform most of
these tricks on your own for a crowd of
friends or family expecto patronum but
before you begin your wizard training go
ahead and click that magic red button
this will subscribe you to the bright
side of life where there are tons of
cool and helpful videos coming out every
single day wave your magic wand cursor
to turn on the notification bell so that
you don't miss any of those updates
alrighty then let's turn our focus on
the hocus pocus counting down from
number 10 turning coffee into coins this
trick was made famous by David Blaine a
well-known American street magician the
illusionist handed a cup of steaming hot
coffee to a man living on the street the
latter was all too happy to get a hot
drink Blaine waited until the man took a
sip and made sure the coffee was real
then the magician took the cup away and
held it in his hands as he started
slightly shaking the cup all the nearby
witnesses saw that coffee disappear and
turn into coins there's no need to say
that the homeless man was not only
shocked by the trick but also thankful
for the generosity now if you want to
try this one
you're gonna need two disposable coffee
cups a sponge some scissors and a
handful of coins start by cutting one of
the coffee cups in half
and set it aside cut a small hole in the
bottom of the larger cup the hole should
be just big enough for your finger to
fit through put the sponge on the bottom
of the larger cup so that it covers the
hole now fill the smaller cup with coins
and put it into the larger one finally
fill it up to the top with coffee so
that the coins are well hidden when
you're performing this trick pretend to
be supporting the cup from below so that
you can slip your finger into the hole
start to slowly push the smaller cup up
this will force the copy to seep into
the gap between the two cups and the
sponge at the bottom of the larger cup
will absorb it voila your coffee has
turned into coins Wow
if you did that using a latte with
chocolate
that would be hocus-pocus with mochas
number 9 swallowing a balloon you can
probably tell by the name but this trick
creates an illusion that a magician
swallows an entire balloon although it's
pretty simple to perform if you've spent
enough time practicing the audience gets
shocked into silence the main secret the
illusionist hides is that there are
several tiny holes at one end of a long
balloon as soon as the performer puts
the other end in their mouth they press
it with their tongue to make the balloon
deflate the only tricky thing here is to
be fast enough so that the balloon
doesn't deflate too soon that would be
pretty embarrassing for the magician
right yes that would be a tough one to
swallow I'm sorry I just can't help
myself
number 8 water in midair
in this awesome trick the performer
takes a glass and fills it with water
after that they cover the glass with a
piece of ordinary cardboard and turn it
upside down while some of the water
spills out of it the cardboard does an
overall good job at keeping the water
from escaping thanks to the vacuum
created inside but then the magician
takes the cardboard away and that's
where the magic part comes in the water
stays inside the glass and that's
because the glass the illusionist uses
has been let's say altered this glass
has a tiny hole drilled in its side just
near the bottom a casual onlooker
wouldn't even notice this hall the
second secret is a transparent plastic
lid that stuck to the cardboard when the
magician puts the cardboard in place he
simultaneously covers the glass with
this invisible lid it stays this way as
long as the magician keeps his finger
over the hole but as soon as he releases
his hole the water comes rushing down
blew the lid off of that now didn't--we
number-7 levitating Cup if you master
this trick your audience will be
thoroughly impressed after all it's not
everyday they see a foam cup floating in
the air right before their eyes all you
need is a foam Cup with a hole in one of
its sides when you show the cup to your
audience make sure they don't notice the
hole then move a few steps away from the
onlookers and discreetly push your thumb
into the hole start moving your fingers
all around abracadabra like right away
this way you'll distract people's
attention from your thumb that's
disappeared
who knows where besides this will add
some showmanship to your performance
Wingardium Leviosa number 6 levitating
yourself if the person performing this
trick has rehearsed it well you'll be
100% convinced that they're levitating
and with a little practice you can fly
just as easily as they do
now the main secret to this trick is
assuming the correct position stand in
the furthest corner of the room so that
your diagonal to the audience they
should mostly see your back and your
heel that's closest to them lift your
heels slowly and unsteadily pretend to
be wavering as if you're floating then
just as gradually lift the foot closest
to the onlookers off the floor you
really do have to practice this one a
lot to make it believable your foot
that's in the air needs to completely
block the toes of your other foot since
you'll be standing on them make sure you
have excellent balance to number 5
transparent body imagine you're walking
down the street and you notice someone
whose torso is literally transparent
basically you can look right through
them and see what's happening behind
their back how on earth is that possible
again no magic involved here just some
preparation to prepare this trick you'll
need to involve some gadgets the fact is
that this trick can surprise only those
who are face to face with a magician as
for the people behind him they'll
understand right away that he's got a
camera on his back this camera transmits
real-time footage to the thin screen
that's securely fixed on the illusionist
chest sure is pretty obvious what's
going on but it still looks really cool
number 4 bending a straw here's a fun
little trick you can do next time you're
at a restaurant with your friend if your
companion gets up and goes to the
bathroom and immediately start preparing
take a straw that's still in the wrapper
and thoroughly rub it up and down to
create some static after that lay the
straw across the opening of your drink
so that it's parallel with a table when
your friend returns show them your
telekinetic powers when you bring your
hands close to the straw and start
making mysterious movements the straw
will rotate from side to side bending at
your will
number three turning water into ice
now some tricks work simply thanks to
the element of surprise and turning
water into ice is one of them put a
sponge on the bottom of a plastic cup
and add several ice cubes there you're
now ready to perform take a pitcher full
of water and pour some into the cup an
ounce in your best magician voice that
you'll now turn the water into ice
now since the sponge needs time to
absorb the water buy yourself some time
by waving your hands and working your
magic then turn the cup over the ice
cubes will fall out and your audience's
jaws will drop number two black magic
this trick is great for entertaining
guests at a party choose someone in the
room and announce to everyone that
you'll read this person's mind
ask them to mentally pick one thing in
the room after that you need to leave
the room and the person you picked has
to tell everyone else which object
they've chosen when you return you
select another audience member and tell
them to walk around the room and touch
random objects when they touch the right
one you stop them and announce that this
was the original item chosen
unfortunately this one's based on the
oldest trick in the book a lie which of
course would make it you guessed it
bogus hocus pocus the thing is that the
audience member you pick when you come
back into the room is in fact your Maul
before the trick you agree that just
before coming up to the correct object
they'll touch something black that will
be your clue and that's why it's called
black magic number one nail through the
finger
this one is not for the squeamish or
perhaps it is now picture this you've
got a long construction nail piercing
completely through your finger and
there's blood all around the wound
if your friends are panicking and about
to call the ambulance congratulations
you've performed this trick perfectly
yes you nailed it
so here's how you do it take a long
thick nail and cut it in half
glue one half to one side of your finger
and the other half to the other side
this will give the illusion that it's
punctured your finger all the way
through add some red paint or fake blood
and you've got yourself an extremely
lifelike and terrifying sight the rest
of course depends on your acting skills
hmm might also be a good way of getting
out of taking that test at school huh so
do you know any other cool magic tricks
which one is your favorite tell us in
the comments below and give us a thumbs
up if you plan on trying some of the
illusions from this video on your france
see you next time on the bright side of
life
you